Bayamon,2019,media,4,16,484.62,power door locks,keyless entry,power windows
San Juan,2020,media,1,2,172.00,[!@@additional info@@!]keyless entry,ebony morzine headliner,chrome wheel protection pack
San Juan,2020,alta,5,37,187.03,basic rear seat convenience pack,loadspace mat,rubber mats
Guaynabo,2015,alta,1,1,1252.00,[!@@additional info@@!]2 door,4-wheel abs brakes,abs and driveline traction control
Bay Shore,2018,bassa,1,2,65.50,here at atlantic chevrolet-cadillac,90% of our pre-owned vehicles get brand new tires and brakes!!! we spend the money on our cars so you won't have to!!! 90% of our cars are pre-certified,taxes and dmv. can not combine with any other offers . must take same day delivery.[!@@additional info@@!]120-volt power outlet
Bronx,2018,media,3,3,29.67,a 3 time consecutive customer first award for excellence dealer! buy with confidence. view our entire inventory by visiting our virtual showroom at www.eastjeep.com "pay the least in the east" at eastchester chrysler jeep dodge-this brand new state of the art dealership is only 2 blocks away from exit 13 off i-95 or minutes from exit 7 on the hutchinson parkway. over 200 certified cars available for immediate delivery. to take advantage of the special pricing for this vehicle,the purchase must be consummated based on mutually agreed upon method of payment (cash or finance) and customer must present ad at arrival and take same day delivery. $0 down available. prices are adjusted and modified frequently -weekly,daily
Bay Shore,2018,media,3,5,40.60,here at atlantic chevrolet-cadillac,90% of our pre-owned vehicles get brand new tires and brakes!!! we spend the money on our cars so you won't have to!!! 90% of our cars are pre-certified,4-wheel disc brakes
Bronx,2018,bassa,1,1,21.00,certified clean carfax!!! one owner vehicle - bluetooth - hub-cap wheels - backup camera - premium cloth seats - power accessories - immaculate condition - save yourself time and money by shopping with the award winning eastchester chrysler jeep dodge ram,a 3 time consecutive customer first award for excellence dealer! buy with confidence. view our entire inventory by visiting our virtual showroom at www.eastjeep.com "pay the least in the east" at eastchester chrysler jeep dodge-this brand new state of the art dealership is only 2 blocks away from exit 13 off i-95 or minutes from exit 7 on the hutchinson parkway. over 200 certified cars available for immediate delivery. to take advantage of the special pricing for this vehicle,the purchase must be consummated based on mutually agreed upon method of payment (cash or finance) and customer must present ad at arrival and take same day delivery. $0 down available. prices are adjusted and modified frequently -weekly
Bronx,2020,bassa,1,1,102.00,certified carfax!!! one owner vehicle - bluetooth - alloy wheels - backup camera - sunroof - premium cloth seats - heated seats - premium sound - power accessories - immaculate condition - save yourself time and money by shopping with the award winning eastchester chrysler jeep dodge ram,a 3 time consecutive customer first award for excellence dealer! buy with confidence. view our entire inventory by visiting our virtual showroom at www.eastjeep.com "pay the least in the east" at eastchester chrysler jeep dodge-this brand new state of the art dealership is only 2 blocks away from exit 13 off i-95 or minutes from exit 7 on the hutchinson parkway. over 200 certified cars available for immediate delivery. to take advantage of the special pricing for this vehicle,the purchase must be consummated based on mutually agreed upon method of payment (cash or finance) and customer must present ad at arrival and take same day delivery. $0 down available. prices are adjusted and modified frequently -weekly
Bronx,2016,bassa,1,1,20.00,factory certified warranty available through 2024!! certified carfax!!! one owner vehicle - bluetooth - alloy wheels - backup camera - premium cloth seats - power accessories - immaculate condition - save yourself time and money by shopping with the award winning eastchester chrysler jeep dodge ram,a 3 time consecutive customer first award for excellence dealer! buy with confidence. view our entire inventory by visiting our virtual showroom at www.eastjeep.com "pay the least in the east" at eastchester chrysler jeep dodge-this brand new state of the art dealership is only 2 blocks away from exit 13 off i-95 or minutes from exit 7 on the hutchinson parkway. over 200 certified cars available for immediate delivery. to take advantage of the special pricing for this vehicle,the purchase must be consummated based on mutually agreed upon method of payment (cash or finance) and customer must present ad at arrival and take same day delivery. $0 down available. prices are adjusted and modified frequently -weekly
Bay Shore,2016,bassa,3,3,39.00,here at atlantic chevrolet-cadillac,90% of our pre-owned vehicles get brand new tires and brakes!!! we spend the money on our cars so you won't have to!!! 90% of our cars are pre-certified,4-wheel disc brakes
Bronx,2014,bassa,1,1,46.00,[!@@additional info@@!]connectivity group,dual top group,max tow package
Bay Shore,2020,media,1,1,91.00,here at atlantic chevrolet-cadillac,90% of our pre-owned vehicles get brand new tires and brakes!!! we spend the money on our cars so you won't have to!!! 90% of our cars are pre-certified,so your buying a vehicle with confidence knowing everything that needed to get done was done by our certified mechanics!! always priced right at atlantic chevrolet-cadillac. this 2020 chevrolet equinox lt has the exterior color is nightfall gray metallic with a jet black interior. you must present this ad to receive this special price. the advertised price does not include $695 admin fee
Bronx,2012,media,1,1,22.00,certified carfax!!!  bluetooth - alloy wheels - premium leather seats - heated seats - power accessories - immaculate condition - save yourself time and money by shopping with the award winning eastchester chrysler jeep dodge ram,a 3 time consecutive customer first award for excellence dealer! buy with confidence. view our entire inventory by visiting our virtual showroom at www.eastjeep.com "pay the least in the east" at eastchester chrysler jeep dodge-this brand new state of the art dealership is only 2 blocks away from exit 13 off i-95 or minutes from exit 7 on the hutchinson parkway. over 200 certified cars available for immediate delivery. to take advantage of the special pricing for this vehicle,the purchase must be consummated based on mutually agreed upon method of payment (cash or finance) and customer must present ad at arrival and take same day delivery. $0 down available. prices are adjusted and modified frequently -weekly
Bronx,2016,media,1,1,19.00,certified clean carfax!!! one owner vehicle - bluetooth - alloy wheels - backup camera - navigation - power seats - panoramic sunroof - premium leather seats - heated seats  - power accessories - immaculate condition - save yourself time and money by shopping with the award winning eastchester chrysler jeep dodge ram,a 3 time consecutive customer first award for excellence dealer! buy with confidence. view our entire inventory by visiting our virtual showroom at www.eastjeep.com "pay the least in the east" at eastchester chrysler jeep dodge-this brand new state of the art dealership is only 2 blocks away from exit 13 off i-95 or minutes from exit 7 on the hutchinson parkway. over 200 certified cars available for immediate delivery. to take advantage of the special pricing for this vehicle,the purchase must be consummated based on mutually agreed upon method of payment (cash or finance) and customer must present ad at arrival and take same day delivery. $0 down available. prices are adjusted and modified frequently -weekly
Bronx,2018,alta,1,1,20.00,heated steering wheel,heated front seats,ventilated front seats
